yo what is up guys this your boy can't
eat it here and today's team Thursday
and before I go on to anything else I I
don't know whether I should just
commenting commentate throughout the
match or I should just talk about a
topic and talk about my opinions about
it or tell you guys a story which I am
today and that story is how my friend
Johnny got my third grade teacher fired
so yeah I know you have for subscribers
at the moment and it's I mean I don't
know I find that kind of cool now that i
have more subscribers but I i know i
just need a grind to grow and everything
but and i'm i'm still AM I'm still
trying my best in all my videos so yeah
and her and I like I was saying how many
have more subscribers so I don't know
whether I should just talk about talk
about a random topic or just commentate
the match and show my perspectives like
I did in this match but other than that
let's get into the topic right now so
this story is how i got my third grade
teacher fired i am planning on doing my
series like story time with conceited or
something because i do have a lot of
crazy stories throughout my childhood
still am because I'm
so I still get in trouble so little
class clown but I know it's the wrong
thing and I have to succeed and whatever
but I'm not here to talk about that so
let's get into the topic right now so
obviously so pretty much I was in third
grade obviously and I don't remember
what day was but my teacher's name was
mr. Siskind he was pretty chill at first
he's like he was like an old weird guy
he collected dinosaur fossils and he
played the acoustic guitar and he says
singing to us and halfway through the
year one day I was eating hot cheetos in
class I had them in the low ziploc bag
and I was I was really hungry and I
decided to eat them he put the ruler he
like like like he tried to hit me with
the ruler but I saw him try to do it so
I moved out the way and he hit the
little top part of the chair and and
then he took my zip lock like he just
snatched it away from me ate a hot
cheeto and like he just started eating
all my Cheetos I was like yo man what
the hell and then and then he was like
you can't eat food in class and then I
was like then why are you eating him and
then I guess he couldn't eat hot cheetos
or something because its face he was
like half bald and like his face was
overhead and like everyone in the class
started laughing and then I started
clowning on him I was like row well if
you're gonna eat my chips can you at
least know how to eat him mr. run boy I
know that sounds pathetic but I mean
everyone in the class laughed at it I
felt really happy or whatever and my
friend Johnny hopped in and I don't know
what he was doing I really don't
remember the story i think that day we
were doing math and we had rulers I
think it was playing around with the
ruler and mr. Siskind he was that pissed
when I told them and Johnny messing
around with the ruler that he decided to
stand to Stan Johnny up and
I hit a gaudy joke I'm starting to choke
them and everyone in the class stood
silent for a bit and I was like hey yo
what the hell man let him go let him go
and I stood up and I pushed them like I
try to push him away but I was like
freaking 311 this plane guys I don't
know how how tall I was but I couldn't
push him away so I decided I ran out of
the classroom and rushed to the office
and I said mr. siskins hitting her
Johnny he tried to hit me with a ruler
to help and then after the principal
rushes out the two front ladies in the
office they just look at me shocking the
mouth open and everyone decides to
Russian mr. siskins room after a bit
like 10 minutes into it a cop he's he's
he's a security now but he's a retired
cop his name was officer casa noble
she's a lady I just said he was I'm done
but she's a lady she's a security guard
out my school um she came in the room
and she arrested mr. Siskind for
assaulting Johnny my friend that day was
probably the best day of my life but I
mean I like him and everything but I
guess that day he was on his period or
whatever and until then they never told
us a story what happened to him I never
saw mr. Siskind ever again in my life
until this very day I still haven't seen
him and I have no plans of seeing him
after all after that we got a substitute
name miss allegra and she was Asian I
yeah she was like Filipino I think and
after that everyone like there's like
she was like she wasn't like mr. Siskind
obviously she didn't hit us and after
that my elementary school decided to put
up cameras I mean even though that
doesn't I mean it helps i mean if
someone's getting bullied i guess that
helps or whatever but if there's like
actual any in classic aggressive
aggressive ility or whatever i don't
know if that's even a word but if the
teachers being aggressive or going to
try to hate you I mean that can't help
because I mean it's illegal to put
cameras in the classroom and the cameras
were really far away and all they did
was see the court see ya guys this is
this is my story on how I got my six
skirt on my third grade teacher fired
stay tuned for tomorrow for tomorrow
series which I don't even know what that
is and I should know and ya guys until
then make sure you follow me on twitter
at conceded with an underscore and I'm
out guys make sure you like favorite and
drop a comment and don't forget to
subscribe I don't know peace
you